back alley
extraction High fire Gasolina media medicina High fire gasoline and Satan
come to see high Gasolina media medicina High gasoline and Satan come to see you
rolling with a purple Slither glowing Chalice of dragon Venom Rock the star of
ishar Hop Purple banila hit you with a ticket heads nodding or it Kim to the
moon the language of The Birds Death B pure wild stallion crew rolling in the
main magic genin 6 pound of green diamond shining I'm in this thing
carstone ring blingy bling High purple venomous cream seal the Seven
Seas High fire gasoline dance with The Muse Athena Meda flying in your dreamer
Doom gatekeeper Blaze the Gan Greener Greek fire keeper
omaa Med riding with me my girls with it Dragon Poison every rose has its thorn
White Snake orus High fire Gasolina media medicina
High fire gasoline hey satan come to see you high fire Gasolina media medicina
High fire [Music] gasoline welcome back to Lady Babylon
you couldn't stay away this is Al and you and tonight we're g to go in but
before we do before we do we got a little fun for us all it's a little field trip and it's going to be a lot of
fun and I think it's an honor I think it's an honor here at om andu to be able
to talk to the people that we're going to talk to tonight tonight we're going to have a conversation with old boy here
and he's going to tell us what he's doing and he's going to tell us um about the Greek that he has worked through
fantastic I love it I love it I really do first I want to talk though about
something new we are going to have experiment Alpha take place this Friday
evening this Friday evening's lady Babylon will be experiment Alpha and
what we are going to do is we are going to examine a patient
we'll call him patient one and he has been inoculated he's been
inoculated what we're doing is we're sub subjecting him to the Holy Spirit we're
subjecting him to the Christ and we're going to see if the inoculation was
strong enough so that we can cure Humanity isn't that great isn't that
great you love it now I will tell you this person who is coming on is not
somebody that I have had on before and I think you will all be extrem extremely
pleased at his presence so that's coming Friday tonight
what we're going to do is first we're going to look at a person who has gone through intensive Greek and is now
putting together all sorts of great great great great stuff tracking down
this gent is tracking down the purple in his homeland cross the pond fantastic
let's bring him on bring on old boy old boy thank you so much for coming would
you please formally introduce I know a lot of the lady babon folks already know
you right but give yourself an introduction that you want to give the world and you won't be interrupted by
any commercials or anything like that go for it well uh thanks for having me here
first off you know it's great to uh to be able to to speak to everybody and um basically um I've been through the
Intensive course um under under Amon and um it's been such a great experience you
know in I think we've been studying around about just under a year and a half and going from not even being able
to um read the letters to now being able to go and uh research texts and start
translating you know sections of them and presenting them you know it's been a liberating experience so you know thank
you for the time that you put in to uh to taking me through that
process it's been a great job that you've done right you you you marched
through the basic training and now you're working with the text and I saw
one of your vides the other day one of your vide the other day and it was gorgeous you broke down you quoted the
Greek I was like this giant nerd I love it and um so that Drew you that Drew you
to the purple tell us a little bit about your purple Quest so um as you know they um they
found a chunk of the the purple at the excavation of a bath house it was very close to to where I I lived and grew up
so I thought you know what I'll get in touch with him I'll um I'll see if I can go down there get on site um put
together a little um short documentary and they got back to me and said yeah that's going to be cool so you know that
was arranged and then I thought well why not um piece together a miniseries
looking at texts that mention the origin of it um the medical um applications of
it you know and then the cult uses as well and then I thought you know I can just translate some chunks of texts and
um and piece them together with some scenery um nearby where I live and just pres present them so and as well it's
good for me because it gets me diving into those texts it keeps me reading every day because as you know um it's
something you need to be doing every day because it does slip out of the brain and um and it keeps me focused it keeps
me going and it keeps me uh looking at Greek text so it's a win-win all around
yeah what you hear is discipline right everybody's watching I'm and you tonight
Who's got your book this is discipline that old boy is uh exhibiting here um
this is an example to follow now he's talking he's running down archaeologist can you believe that running down AR
olist and talking to them about they told you they found some more didn't they yeah that's right so that that
hasn't you know hit them hit the media or anything yet so it was uh Frank jeo who's the um the the person overseeing
the Dig I managed to get a short five minute uh interview with him and um I said I was obviously interested in it
and he he kind of had a little smile and he went we found another piece you know so yeah I was very excited to get that
news and share it with you all so yeah they found another another piece look at that look at that a scoop a scoop you
got the story there and you know what I'm sure he'd love talking with you I'm sure it was like a you know something
neat you know what I mean because somebody here you are and you're interested and you've got the background
to be able to work with the Tex and stuff wow that's impressive and it's
isn't it liberating old boy when you can actually work with those primary texts yourself yeah it's absolutely incredible
you know when I was first getting interested in this kind of stuff I would be researching trying to compile texts
some of it would be in Latin some of it would be in Greek and you're there going I just wish I knew what it said and now
that I've been through that process you know I can just get a piece of text I can be there with the the text a lexicon
using uh Alice and then I can I can work through a translation yeah good and you've got
your SM grammar in case anything gets funny out in the bush tell us oh look at
that tell us um uh where do you go from here do you I know that you're
interested in some things like gelic or like um you were going to go up north
maybe and study some uh oh what were you into was that Norse right Norse tell us
what is the future and how do you see you know using your classical
studies well um obviously family life was a little bit hectic it's quite Tien
down a bit now so I can um I can focus on on moving forward with the Greek
still do want to pursue the runology that is um an interest of mine you know I'm always tracing down the origin of
where these uh these runic scripts came from um right now I just want to be able
to look at texts and just um I think it's it's a nice little um package that
I found that I can I can deliver uh to people where I can translate a text go around some scenery because I've got
some amazing historical sites on my doorstep and I can join the two together and just and just present them so I'm
happy doing that and you know that's that's what excites me and as I said it keeps me reading the Greek and that's
that's something I want to develop to the next level so I love that I absolutely love that and I know you're
going to end up integrating a whole bunch of different stuff and I um you're
going to end up being one of those polyglots and uh you know more power to you you know that's inside of some
people they don't realize it's in there maybe you got a little inclination along the way somewhere but man that language
work just brings out just brings out the beauty fantastic so we should all check
out old boy and you know um support him as somebody who's coming forward and uh
picking up those sources right you could be getting you could be getting in the back alley with you know who you know
what I mean you're not going to get that you're not going to get that back alley with all boy he's going to give you the
stuff baby and look at him you know what he's he doesn't have to defend his
professor's position and be careful about what he says the dude is into the
texts and the the reality that's what I like and all boy you were an excellent
excellent student um and everybody here should look up to you right yeah yeah
was give give everybody a final say what's on your mind and um and uh we'll
let you go all I would say is you know um have faith in the book the um the
Hansen and Quinn's an incredible uh resource you know mine is literally
still bookmarked you know it's I still refer back to it all the time I use that
in conjunction with the uh the SMI Greek grammar and obviously Alice and um just
trust the process identify your verbs first um that's all I do when I go into
a text I just identify everything and then work from there as long as you identify everything that's a great
starting point to go go um a great starting point to start from so you know stick with it um it's worth it and um
you know it'll change your life and it'll change your mind so yeah thanks guys we would probably get a full class
if I were um in the position to be able to bring a summer intensive course I
would have you be the one of the chief instructors drill instructors um
fabulous job everybody big round of applause for Al Boy look at them look at
the respect you know feel it yeah I love it all boy I'm I'm gonna keep checking
out your work uh get out of here and thank you for coming thanks so much thank you take
care all right let's get back to Tex toy now a lot of you here tonight
and by the way that um all boy is genuine baby he is totally genuine so um
yeah life is good sometimes you know what I mean old boy brings that out any who let's get things going because you
feel it you're like yeah I got the Mojo too life let's keep going um you have
all come tonight we have to do this specially um people here you've come to
the uh to a place before you were here and in that place I know I sensed
it I smelled in that place the Unholy
treatment of the religious studies Scholars of the masses I felt it it's
like a disturbance in my chest I can't I can't describe it except to say that it smells a little bit like a
fart yeah yeah it's amazing um let us go
and let us Purge from ourselves the probablies and the ideas
and the theories and my ideas this and my idea we are not here for that you are
not here for that I am not here to give you some kind of back alley fun time
that's not what my job is right from the Devil's Mouth my job is to bring you the light to
bring you the Greek so that you can take that Greek and Forge an instrument of
attack yeah this is so that we can take back those texts right this is our our
life Heritage the words of our dead ancestors what more holy is there for us
to protect in those words yes let's jump into it so we'll clean off the mck
because I can smell it I can smell the oh God I know where you went I know
where you went now for those of you are like what the what is this guy talking about you weren't
there okay so just part of the congregation must Purge we must Purge
let's go and we'll Purge with reason and with accurate
Linguistics right with evidence That's How we'll Purge cuz you don't care about my ideas and
that's why I'm not trying to sell you anything you don't have to be a member
here you can walk in the door and listen this is fantastic welcome to the mission
of Lucifer this is wonderful after this everybody gets to eat and you don't
realize their food is druged but you're going to do it anyway it's all in your
head let's go the text tonight oh thanks everyone yes all
boy all right fantastic um all comments of compliments toward all boy put them
in the chat there fantastic I want to bring you something tonight right off the bat and I'm just
going to translate and after this I saw four Angels standing on the four gas of
the earth oh wait a minute on the four what
and what are these Angels doing they are guarding the winds and wait a minute am
I in the Book of Revelation this stuff is so psychedelic I did we already get
hit by the angel did somebody come in and give us our did we get it we got the
right it's why everything is purple okay good so here we are flying right at the
for gonias what what is that you can track translate that is Corners the Four
Corners here's where I want you mentally think of the Four Corners we're in the right and the angulos the messenger is
giving us the mystery and the Mystery starts with the Restraint of the Winds
and if you are living in Antiquity and you are reading
Greek you know the science behind the winds what are you ignorant my god let's
show you right what is he say he's doing all this what are the Angels doing they're restricting that
anos and they're keeping it from the sea and the land it's not going to be whistling through the trees give me the
next one what are we doing what are we doing People Media the architect of the first
mystery in Western history Mia is the one who created a right
whereby you could Transit this life death barrier and in that right is this
science of the Winds media wrote hymns
to the winds and if you don't understand that it's because you haven't been initiated and you don't have ears to
hear are you ready you know what this is doing this isn't just Greek that I'm showing you this is Greek that is using
cult code and that code was found and declared and titled in the early 1900s
by a dude a dude classical scholar that's what all the great German
classical Scholars were doing their thing like in the 1920s and 1930s right
oh God they were so ahead of the game and this one German dude comes along and
he says there's a code in the orphic it's called the Vox
right it's the voice well these texts that I'm showing you are using that
code yes yes you mean a throne isn't the throne
no it's a drug so something that is
polyr is a compound drug yes yes you're getting it you're getting it Christ him
someone quick uh as a matter of fact let's look there's going to be a Christ thing you want to see a Christ thing I
thought you'd like to see a Christ thing tonight we were going to talk about Moses and some answers I know some of
you just came from something I know take a take a shower don't blame
yourself don't blame yourself yes it's very important it's very important okay let's go to the next
one somebody's GNA write I know watch I'm going to get an email somebody's going to take that totally literally all
right are you ready where' they all go right okay what
is this corner of the earth what am I throwing at you now right I'm throwing
at you more Greek and what does this Greek say it says just like that Rising
those locations where you have the rising on the corners those Corners
those cardinal directions right from which the winds
are derived they come they blow over everything they have their
AR in the corners okay so remember we've taken the
drugs we're talking to the Angel and the angel is giving us the
scientific at the time the scientific explanation of what's going on and where
is this from this is tmy this is Tommy's
tetrabiblos and in it Tommy is mapping out the science that is
behind everything you're seeing in the apocalypse so when
mons fundamentalists draw pictures and the pictures look clownish
this is why they they don't understand the text because them they haven't dissolved the
seals they haven't applied the seals here what does this say right that's
where it has its origin right then he talks about the rising the next one
here's this here's another part people what does this say it's moraly he says these winds right they come from this
location and they're commonly called the southern winds they're very warm and
they're monoo they're they're monotic yes they're monotic what does that
believe what does that mean exactly let's give me the next one what kind of
winds do we dealing with monotos these relaxing winds these are
loosening winds now wait a minute am I talking about anthropology and history
here yes don't lose the perspective of the right remember we made the contract
it's implicit right hey I don't care you wanted it we're
going there right you love it Satanic congregation you love what is it it's relaxing or loosening look at the of
Galen Galen uses this word to describe the alata now what are the
alata they are things used in anguin anguin remember all that stuff
we're putting in our eyes you remember that that you're laying there half dead
and you got purple ooze drizzling out of your eyes and your cheeks covered with a
chalk that will prevent it from burning your
skin my goodness what is the Angel going to say
what is the Angel going to say God is about to speak are you ready and she
thinks you're an idiot give me the next one give me the next one quick give it
to him fast watch this and I saw another angel coming out from the east or the
rising point of the Sun and that doesn't just say the sun it says
Helios as in the grandfather of the
Meda yeah yeah yeah yes and what is he what uh what's
this angulon got right anytime you're at one of these ancient drug parties right
and um you're there undergoing the right remember the Angel's gonna bring you
something what's he got in his hand he's got Fraga he's got Fraga what the heck
are those what the heck are those guess what people do you think it you think it may
be drugs what happens is the Angel gives you those things and he start starts yelling in this great
voice right who's yelling at those four Angels
baby right those four Angels who are standing there implementing the winds
the power is given to them to do what is
unjust to all the world okay are you there with me you see
those four don't mess around follow my instructions and you'll make it all the
way through here we go what is that froga the angel was carrying in his hand it's
that medicinal stuff you bonee head it's the medicinal stuff look it's got the
Priestess of Artemis gayen is out fishing for this stuff he's he buys 20,000 pills of this stuff right to take
it back to using medicine okay so look this is
easy this is easy we got this done baby you know we got everything we got all the things that we need to make this
work hit the next one medically it's a pasel right that
thing that the angel is carrying in his hand medically is a pel give me the next
one those are all medical sources nobody's read these I guarantee it nobody's read Paul of vagina have you
ever heard of Paul of e no you have
physician another great very popular very influential physician from
Antiquity that nobody reads he'll tell you right and then
we've got celsus there look the Roman he's the Roman doctor um celsus is cool
this is not the celsus who writes um against the Christians right this is the celsus who's the um first
century physician who's attached to the Roman legion right and so he's got to
have all the he has a whole Manual of drugs he's got the drugs for the rights he's got you know what do you do if you
take Bulls blood right all that kind of stuff he's got the those he's got the ones that are oh just straight up
medical oh God how do you treat somebody with an arrow puncture you know what I
mean what do you pour in there that makes it better when after you cauterize it oh God it's gorgeous pels are put in
places right you got parts of your body the pasel goes into it and what are we
going to do we're going to do this to all the slaves of God if you're a Christian out there
today and you are not sealed you're doomed you're doomed you want to see how
you get sealed in the right this is real Antiquity people this is real Antiquity
you want to see how you get sealed let's go let's seal them he says
let's see them are you ready we're g to do it
on your forehead on your forehead are you ready
okay you ready give me the next one here here it comes here it comes here comes the seal baby um your forehead here yeah
look the space between your eyes that's great fantastic surely there's no there's no drugs right going on right
here hit the next one what is this metopon yeah it can be a facade of a
some kind of Temple na right or it can be a margin right or it can be a bandage for
the forehead why would it be the word for a bandage the fore it's the forehead thing
um you want to see what they did with these bandages they put drugs in them why so you could get
christed you get it it runs into your eyes people right out of the cloth you
don't have to make lateral incisions which is the way the priestesses do it
you make incisions you cover it that way no no no you take this in directly
through the eyes and if the light that in your eyes is
singular then the whole body is full of it you didn't get that until just now
did you no you didn't get it because you're not a cultist yeah fine now you're cultist
right satanic congregation you know you love it you know you love it let's get to something else really really exciting
give me another one give me another one up there um there's the bandage we already saw that give me the next one um
watch this people it's also aromatic Egyptian ointment right that you've got
you call it metopon right but it's an actual ointment D Gordies talks about it right
cool cool cool uh give me the next one and what happens here um oh I wanted you
to see that this calaban is is the resinous juice of all heel right they
call it P Cas this is involved as well all right so I got this forehead thing
going on it's crfting me and I got drugs okay fantastic give me the next one um
here's your ponx by the way um it's just the all heel they used to call it all heel just again a very prominent drug
look at look at the different orus is there a physician nobody reads him either right he was Julian the apostate
physician he actually dealt with the Oracle directly he's one of the last people to ever work with an oracle so um
yeah and give me the next one Boo there's more more drugs now remember what is what are you what have you been
advised to do in the Apocalypse in the event of the Apocalypse what does
Jesus the Christ the son of God what and I'm about to give you a curveball that's
going to shock you um what would Jesus Christ recommend that you do this says
he recommends that you put the coloran in your eyes that you in Christ
yourself okay in order that you are not injured okay the christing is to prevent
you in the apocalypse from injury you got it fantastic let's go to the next
one this is beautiful once you get the actual ancient words I wanted to bring out because he says you're going to have
this in your hand right look at these people I first of all I just want to introduce you to the Phoenicians we
don't talk about Phoenicians a lot but they're there and notice that
the Phoenicians are inhabitants of course Phoenicia thank you very much their Chief City being siden they appear
in Homer as traitors skillful in navigation famous alike for artistic skill and for who PRI privacy
no piracy are you kid wait what you mean like Johnny de no they're known for
taking the booty the lay these are ly yes these are the
Pirates the Phoenicians people they're the drug traders of
antiquity isn't that nice they're not a nation if you're silly enough to think
that they're a unified Nation you you're in the wrong Universe yeah no they're groups groups
of drug Traders yeah they traffic that's why
they're called Pirates fantastic keep going keep going
and um just in case you thought you know this is a little bit of uh um we're
talking about the finian who this character who issus is saying
look I had to do certain things and I had to I had to deal with these Phoenician Sailors you know what I mean
and what happened I gave them Lea does everybody see the first word on the
third third line the bottom Lea what is that Lea look at that uml class look at
that umlout over the Yota you know what that means that means you don't allow it to become a diff thong yeah so it's not
Le it's Le nice anyway that's our word right
what do you have to give to the Phoenicians to pacify them you have to
give them the booty now sometimes that booty is kids yeah sorry but that's a fact when
Jesus Christ says I am not a lce after they arrest him in a public park with a
naked kid it's because the booty is the
kid okay all right all right the booty
is the kid that's I'm just coming right out of the text people that's it it's just
right out of the text give me the next one they're gonna love this because I'm gonna throw the curve ball are you ready
um who is this this is Athena we're we're back in we're back in the Odyssey
right this is Athena I think this is book 13 um this is Athena and what
happens she applies her robone to him right remember who's
Athena she's the Virgin what's she doing she's following Odysseus around and now she gives him once over with the robon
and what is she doing with the robon everybody here knows that is an Implement of
dionis huh and what does her robone do to him it she rubs it all over his little wavy
Limbs and it burns up his flesh yeah and what does it do it turns
his gorgeous blond hair a dark color yeah and it makes all
his skin wrinkled makes all of his skin wrinkled and you know he was hot and
that's what it says the last two lines is even though he was really hot right
everybody knows adicus is very hot why do you think think the Virgin follows him around right she even tells him once
it's your cunning it's your Wy cunning that really attracts me isn't that
gorgeous it's a beautiful picture yeah anywh who um what's what's happening
here we're applying drugs again again and again and again hit it hit the next
one boom okay what do you give to the
muses you give them the all gold fleece of the
ram yeah okay now remember we're at the wedding and we are joining the church
and Jesus right in the mystory we are all
working toward the wedding okay the wedding is always on
the fleece that Union comes through the words the sacred song that is printed on
the fleece using drugged
ink you want to see those angels right you got to go through the
fleece the Lamb of God is the
fleece kind of makes sense doesn't it give me the next
one oh God after this I saw a huge crowd and they nobody was able it was so big
nobody was able to number it right and from all the where did these people come from they were from every group you know
every tribe every peoples they had all different languages and standing Before
the Throne and before the fleece and they were wrapped in white
and they had FY case in their hands what did they have what did these revelers
and worshippers of the great and Almighty what did they have in their
hands they had dat PLS come here come here biblical
scholar I just I don't know what to do you can't you can't get it out of them
you can't get it out of them show give me the next one and show me let's look at this word phix what what is a phox
well it's one of those Phoenicians that we were just talking about right one of those Phoenicians good and they're
living in siden that's great we've identified them as a group so do they
have Phoenicians in their hand no they don't have Phoenicians in their hand what do they have they have the purple
or the Crimson they have the purple or the Crimson interesting what kind of things
have those crimson and that purple look at the gowns and the flocks you know
what the flocks is you got the that purple Madness hit me with the next one
let's keep going with the purple and track it down a little bit look at this great Greek word Foy Kon what is a FY
Kayon um it's something that is stained right stained red they have the
porur which is that darker purple and they have this phony con that is that
which is kind of reddish just changes in different Pig ments oh God I don't know
I don't know the science right but I do know this we're to have that in hand wait a
minute curveballs coming you're gonna see Jesus for the first time give me the next one I promise you people I
appreciate that you've hung in this long and I'm going to show you Jesus in a way that nobody else can show him to you are
you ready Fido what does that mean to FY Kido it
means to imitate the Phoenicians it means to be or do the Fini you want to
do the Fini everybody's talking about the Fini you know what I mean you want to do the photian what does it mean
means to imitate the phocians uh oh look what some Victorian put in there of unnatural
[Music] Vice okay wait a minute I don't know I
don't know is this line bugged I don't know about this one but don't worry
because one of our sources is Lucian on this and Lucian is very happy to tell us
exactly what it means give me the next text and let me show you it means to
lesbian Zan right so what is going on here in
this text somebody's being talked about as doing this type of activity to lesbi
adzo and to fornido right and to for what does it
still mean to do well you know what the lesbiano is right um let's check it
chewy just for the people who want implicitly to do like the lesbian women
well what does that mean seriously Lesbos is an island baby
what are what are those mellenium doing I don't know um on Lesbos what do you do
that's so well maybe the Latin will help us look fare
F oh right now that's the wrong word isn't it I think it is because fi means to do
certain things with uh the mouth to produce some what became known as
filatio felatio and a Fator listen to the listen
to The Latin a Fator is somebody who performs
filatio yes um fantastic so that's to Les that's to do the Le boss thing yeah
is to perform felatio and give me the next one what unfortunately what is the let's keep going what is the for keido
me uh where were we do we get lost Star Charts got yep it's the next one
boom um what are we gonna be doing with it um here's the unnatural that was the
unnatural part okay now I want you to look at this text and I'm just going to
translate it to you and I want you to create the mental image that you can fire cannot extinguish
fire there is a moist
stinging in my eyes causing me to want to grab on to
that beauty and to never let go of that
boy what is Aphrodite
doing oh my God you mean too it to do the Phan has to do with that little boy
that was with Jesus do you remember what color the cloak was that they put on
Jesus do you remember that little celebration that little he's the man oh
you're going to see what it actually is go to the next one isn't it wonderful when you get down to the dirt of the
language all of a sudden it's like that makes hell of a lot more sense right everybody writes to me and says that you
know well it makes a lot more sense of a lot of things that I that I thought of were weird in the past but okay okay and
what happens pilate took Jesus and he whipped him it was something like this here take
this yesus how's that Jesus you don't make any
noise I can imagine it you know what I mean just give me a second to imagine it
come here T no seriously pull pull that up yep yeah expose yep there we go yeah
here you go I've always wanted to hit Jesus there
oh pilot what did he do he mos him he
mitigated him what does that mean means he beat him they beat him with
whips are you ready why are they doing this it's so mean let's see let's see
don't the Romans have Justice yeah they do this is it are you ready and what did the soldiers do they made a crown from a
canthus they took that thorn that Acacia Thorn that all those freaks are
using who are doing The Phoenician and they made a little crown for him put it on his head and what else
did they do they gave him a purple robe and wrapped him up in it and ready
here's the climaxes after they whipped him give me the next one he's got his robe on chew he stopped eating the
popcorn give me the next one and what happened Jesus came out and he was
wearing he's wearing the crown he's wearing that purple robe and he says to
them look here's the dude here's the dude they dressed him as a
lace Stace they dressed him as somebody who'd be doing the Phi and you know what it
means to do the Phi it means whatever Jesus was doing with that kid in a
public park at 400 a. yeah and it happens to mean in the
language to enter into sexual relations with a child
in this case a boy okay okay give me the next one you
guys didn't you you wondered why pilot was like you know make a show here what
do he work on Broadway or something make a show let's make a show of this whole thing he was giving them exactly what
they had arrested and that's why the people reacted the way they did what happened
when he went out like that yeah the crowd wanted him dead baby they wanted him dead here he
is you know you can't even touch his headband without getting
high right what do they do in their cult they put that stuff over the eyes and
the forehead yeah oh God bunch of freaks
bunch of freaks yeah and uh so the Jews said we have a law and according to our
law this dude must die and why must he die
haly because he made himself the Son of God he made himself a
Son of God you mean he did what bakas did he did the
mystery the sons of God came into the daughters of men and what did they teach them they taught them these drugs look
it up it's in Enoch fantastic fantastic when you make
yourself a Son of God that is a mystery process that involves a
christing yeah and it involves young boys because it is a Corruption of the
bronze Age original you mean our religions are all
Bronze Age worship of satern and Satanism yes of course where' you think
they got all their terminology from the Tabernacle you think that was just
somebody just Boop in their head and oh I know what we'll do we'll build a tent fill it with smoke get really high and
hear the voice of God yeah no it's much more likely that it came from a came from a bush that
burned right where you can see God's backside is it his birthday give me the
give me a break here I'm gonna take a break people just enjoy Yahoo Yahoo
when's your birthday everybody happy birthday to
Yahoo happy birthday to
Yahoo no happy birthday Elohim hashm
jeh it was in the third Century fantastic keep everything in
perspective right you got to keep things in perspective let's go to the next one I know this is long tonight people but I
wanted to show you some really good stuff because I know you got some of you got taken advantage of you know up here
what is the fisma what is that it's the epi
it's the things that you apply or the things that you're using through through the phic keep going what is that mean um
well that's why I brought you this one to kind of show you what are the epema that's the cover a capital of a column a
remedy for an external application wait what it's a it's it's a
shaft of an arrow and it's a remedy [Music]
okay think about that for a minute think about that we're still with the oyster
we're still with that EOS love it give me the next one give me the next one
what is the FY ke okay here we are with Jesus he's standing there I want you to see the picture Jesus Christ with a
crown of Acacia that they're using in their rights and he's got everything going and
they've got a purple cloak on him so they can show you he is one of these a
FY and what is that it's a dire it's a dire it's a wearer of the purple which
is exactly what he is it's what pilot is showing you here's his purple and what
is it it's a it's somebody who Foy keyone give me the next one and give me a really precise definition you Victoria
knucklehead give me a veryy oh it's the same thing it's just the unnatural Vice
give me the next one give me the next one oh God it's not helping well what is a faptos it's something that has been
purple dyed you mean the Baptists were not dying people in the waters no they
weren't they were using Dr dyes as drugs and then ritually bathing and when the
people came out of the ritual bath they saw stuff they saw uranos open
yeah we should go see it sometime we can watch them they get freaky let's go to
the next one um so what are these phical Bap uh bapto what do they do um this is
a text that tells us you must honor those who were Phoenician
baptized right and um bring out that light okay do you still have the do you
still have the voice are you still using the voice um who are these people that we talk about these are the furies baby
these are the furies who are going to become humanties they're going to become humidities and the chorus tells us oh
Earth you bore this group this generation of serpent tooth
nourished people and what are they what are they accompanied by they're
accompanied by a theot trophic dragon with purple on his drooling down his
forehead wait what did you just say anthropologically we've got a group of
people these are thebans and everybody knows that the thebans are born from the
tooth of the serpent all right that tooth is that stinging it is that plague it is the
insertion of the poison and that poison is carried by a
dragon and remember the Greeks told us themselves when they say dragon they don't mean Dragon they mean a person who
is a dragon and what is a dragon dragon guard dragons guard monuments they guard
temples of with that have relics right any kind of Relic that's
what dragons do they protect relics and what do these dragons have they got the
purple coming down their forehead into their
eyes what does the purple do it blinds them but at the same time it allows them
to see the invisible right imagine that your dragon
who is guarding your Relic can see what you
can't everybody in Classics used to always say why is it why are the dragons
always blind why are those seers always
blind yeah guess what people those drugs fill you with
light no you thought you just wanted to be healed of your depression right they
didn't they didn't stop there they not only healed you your depression they filled you with
light oh god oh god let's get another one let's get another
one yeah okay go give me the
next finally um what is um what is Mary the mother of
Jesus who is she she is the fulos that Crimson fingered one right
that Crimson fingered one why does she have that dye on her hands
why does she have that it's because of the group that she's with right she came
right out of the temple you you and I were all there we saw when they auctioned her off everybody brought
their umbrella in and some kind of Rod they were using and you they picked out one at random gave her ding ding ding
you win Bingo right it's virgin Bingo fantastic but she was pregnant at
12 maybe that's why they kicked her out one of those angels that fed her yeah
didn't bring the right stuff because they're supposed to prevent that right
you're supposed to be able to prevent that in your priestesses right not only that but she could have had an
STD right because if they're not using the drugs that the Greeks are using in the right that prevent pregnancy they're
probably also not using the drugs that cause you to um that help you to keep
from getting STDs yeah yeah so she probably had STDs too
pregnant and STDs oh poor Mary maybe that's why they paid her so much maybe they paid the they didn't pay
the mother of Christ how dare you blaspheme yeah they did I saw them gave
her a bunch of golden drugs yeah they did why ah they saw his
star you don't understand cuz you haven't been in appreciated fortunately if we listen to
Al Boy and follow the path you can be reading these texts too and don't have to listen to a person like me it's the
way it goes it's the one thing I can give back it's the one thing one beautiful thing I can give you back is
Mother Greek and her sexy sexy life oh god mother Greek is so sexy 1.5 million
words by the way some of you tonight were at a talk where fin finally finally
um Neil asked the question to a a great scholar of Theology and he said tell me
scholar of theology what what is the problem why does
ancient Hebrew only have 8,000 unique words and ancient Greek has a million to
a million and a half what came as an answer from that
person was absolutely timelessly hilarious hilarious oh my God pure
hilarity pure did you hear the answer it was amazing um this this is a science
people remember we don't what happened ah somebody I use the
force oh it's not working help um wow I kind of like the
look though my name no okay um let's go to the next stor come on people are like
get your stuff to go by the way everybody who hates my camera it's not my camera it's my internet right I'm on
a little bicycle on the side of the highway I got eight MVPs
buddy F crocos this is just a purple wolf what's the per purple woof the warp
and the Woof you know how it goes it's weaving and look what they're making they're making a Zona don't you like a Zona you
know what a Zona is I'll hang out in the Blue Fog aona is something that a woman
wears around her breasts and these things are ornate in
Antiquity aphrodite has such a cool one that it's got a Barb on it and the Barb
is colored with guess what the burning purple and she can take it and she can
take take it off and she can hit you with it and you know what happens when Aphrodite hits you with those those that
lingerie right um her sesus is the one that goes around her her um what would
you call it her um private parts yeah and um the Zona is the one that goes
around her breasts yes and the one that's down there has a you know has a
Barb that's the Barb one bum bu well and that one is it hits you and it stings
they call it the cestus right some people say cestus right but Antiquity
castal and what does that thing do it causes you to love isn't that something causes you to
love not in necessarily a good way in an anguish an anguishing way remember the
guy that we were reading tonight who was talking about his boys and doing the phian thing with them and he was like ah
it stings my eyes I can't get it out at all it's the moops in my eyes baby
what's the moops it is the oysters the gadfly that stings when Paul is talking
about a thorn in the flesh it's because he has a
boy this is the way yeah oh sorry M myself a
little let's go I can do this the images are not too overpowering yeah the um and
there was a woman Lydia and she's the one who supported Paul I just want you to see on that first line poor fop pois
what is she she's the local dealer she's the thot Tyran dealer of purple people I
am showing you an ancient drug dealer ancient drug dealer her name is Lydia oh
and by the way she's Rich she is Rich you know what she can do she can sit
this guy around Paul she can send him around across vast distances to go take
his message to the world she's paying for it how does she pay for it she deals the purple baby you shut
up give me the next one give me the next one we got two more
um poor football look in case you didn't believe me right please please
understand that we have to work with the ly the
Pirates we have to work with them right you thought Phoenicians were
sophisticated no they are dealers in drugs they are dealers and drugs stop
romanticizing and creating a fairy tale she is Rich off their
flow of drugs and the Roman rans the Romans have had
enough of the L why because they're taking children baby they're taking
children the dude was arrested in a public park with a naked kid and you suck his blood and flesh every weekend
every one of your sabots is full of it oh God give me the next one what else
there's that dyed purple what is dyed purple it's that skin baby it's that Ram
skin give me give me give me give me and finally somebody's got to have those
dyed feet probably demer right demer is the one we're talking about from that
ripe corn now they didn't have corn that's a new world thing when Brits say corn they mean wheat they mean wheat
wait we're talking about purple wheat that's what it says talking about that
purple whe do you know how to prepare it no you don't no you don't but don't worry
that's what those that's what those virgin priestesses are for right until
they get pregnant then out you go right out you go off with your head right they
call that the Saturn and reaping the Saturn and reaping oh okay give me the nope that's
okay give me finally oh I want to change hang on I've got to change did we do this one yeah that was it yep the these
that was Demeter right why are their feet that way why is hackes I read an explanation once it was it was uh direct
and talked about the right and the fact that these lenan bakic rights that are
they're going to involve this kind of thing where your feet end up getting stained baptize my feet baby love it
okay um oh that sounded creepy to me let's go I don't know I guess you had to be there um uh give me oh people bear
with me I'm going to go get the DI and as I do so I want you to watch Happy Birthday one more time
Yahoo Yahoo when's your birthday everybody happy birthday to
Yahoo happy birthday to Yahoo
happy birthday Elohim hashm
jeh it was in the thir Century all right thank you for having
me tonight now listen to me very carefully you saw an example of somebody
tonight old boy and old boy had the guts to work through this program to go
completely through um uh the initiation into ancient Greek has been working on
it for a while yes of course he has guess what we all are right I am I've
been doing it for 35 years and you know what I still work on it every day every
day that's how you keep up your training that's how you keep strong that's how you keep ready you pass those pts and
you're ready to go that's what you're for right if you've got what it takes to
make it through intensive Greek now this is our fourth
session we have come through one unit in four sessions are we going to take so
long on the other sessions no on the other units no absolutely not I'm going to compel you to run forward some of you
are saying it's a little bit slower than I thought it would be yes unit one must
be complete what are the things that you need to know now I've been dealing with
off office hours and visits from people who are involved in amenu and want to
know where am I what kind of progress am I doing the right thing so I'm going to tell you tonight the right things that
you should be doing everybody has had plenty of time to read the introduction and unit one okay I told you for the
introduction do not bother with the accents you and I work on accents
together don't worry about accents you know the history of the Lang that's
great you've gotten your little bit of pronunciation in you looked at your diff thongs you got your alphabet down that
was the intro in unit one you started looking at nouns nouns of the first eion
nouns of the second echion feminine nouns of the first declension masculine and neuter nouns of the second
declension that's what you must know you have just been given the ability to look
at the words and to sound out a word I want to show you what you should be able
to do it is The Benchmark that you will rise to in order
to continue on to unit two okay we're all gonna have a test after unit three
and people who don't run my course in three minutes and 30 seconds are gone
right which means what means you're all going to run it in three minutes and 30 seconds right because you all have what
it takes to get through this right fantastic give me the first one you have
just learned uh putting together words actually I want to go to the vocab first give me that one please you have just
been learning to put together words to take letters little individual letters
and string them together I want you to look at the top word I'm just going to pronounce it for you a a and what is
there the nominative is there the nominative case aor followed by the genitive aoras and then finally the
definite article hey the word forth is there fantastic and what is
that aor and I know you're there you're like it's a marketplace now where are
you if in Greek at this point you can look at this word at the top of the page and you can sound it out to yourself
aora and you can tell yourself it's a noun and it means
Marketplace then you are perform forming at Peak okay that's where you should be
fantastic Adel fos look at the next one Adel F Adel Fu in the genitive H H I
don't care if you can deal with or spell genitive now I just want you to know that second part of the noun that's the
that's the genitive case Fantastic look at the third word oh what is the [__] brother
anthropos person B Bon book and what is biblion look that's
a second clenin neuter noun you should know it's second to clenon I'm going to
show you the first and second to clinching charts that you should have memorized by this point I know people are sitting there he's taking too long
sh stop trust me please you ready doron
underneath that doron that's a gift then you get three prep prepositions Ace e
and n and what those mean it mean into out of and on fantastic what's the noun
underneath that eron and right you're sitting there as you're watching this and while I'm standing in this blue fog
and you're sitting there saying hey Aon Aon work work Aon Aon what are you doing the
repetition is imprinting this in your brain right there'll come a time when you're like old boy and you'll be
pulling down texts and translating them right and you will have to have base
vocabulary base this is it and these roots are delicious look at Edon it
means work we get ergonomics isn't that lovely oh God ergonomical engineering oh
God I love it look at the one underneath that Theos God underneath that is a conjunction or an adverb it can act as
an adverb Kai right meaning and or even good and on next one please chewy give
me the other vot vocabulary you got to know CU people give me the next yeah yeah the next vocabulary because if you
don't know the vocabulary you're ruined you can't go anywhere without the vocabulary right look at the top one
logos that means word under that is mAh battle right nasos Island there's your
definite article underneath that H to the first one's masculine second one's
feminine third one's neuter I'm going to flash that Paradigm this is one of paradigms you should memorize
right H to Toyon Hoon toys to I can say
that in my sleep right I Can chant that to myself it's kind of nice try it for the
different genders you see how it feels love it did he just Martha did he just
say something about trying on a different gender ah what's the next one
hos that's a road OA under that that's a house
that's a dude Homer P to teach pimpe to send te skill we get technological from
that right good um H is the countryside or land t uh P sorry I almost added one
p is a soul 2K by the way is Chance 2K isn't that
interesting um and then we get an injection oh as in oh my oh my let's go
to the next one um I want you to look at these charts then these are the charts from unit one that you will need to pass
the exam coming up in two units are you ready these are first declension nouns
feminine Tech meaning skill look at the endings how they change in the Gena of dative and accusative cases tech tech
tech look at the little eota at the end of the dative under the Ada right
somebody jammed a little eota under there I want to hear it um some classes say you don't hear it I say I want to
hear it Tech and then Tech in the accusative look at the plurals tech techone tech
teas what do you need to know you need to remember these endings so that if you
see Tech with just an a with just an ADA on the end you can say ah I know this is
a nominative case I don't want you to worry too much right
now about the nuances of nominative genitive dative
and accusative you're going to be learning these right right now I want you to be able to identify when
something is a nominative a genitive A dative or accusative now you students at
amenu who are doing the Greek and who will progress through the course you are
investigators you are investigators this Machinery is
logical and you must have it memorized you must know that an ADA by itself is a
nominative an ADA Sigma is a generative you must know that this is
just logic it has nothing to do with your ability to be smart or not nothing
to do with brains simply remembering these forms you have to be able to recognize it now if you're lucky and you
have an identic memory you look at that one chart one time and boom if you're like me you got to run that course over
and over again until it's in your brain automatically
repeti repetition is the mother of learning says Cicero we must repeat these things if I
were in your house I would bring my Whip and I would force you to repeat these
over and over until you were sick of hearing them that's how you do it that's how you do it yeah a lot of people like
to write it out write it out engage your hand right um good give me the next one
what else do we need to know we need to know there are masculine and neuter nouns and the First Column here is
masculine logos the last column is neuter doron so if you memorize that
First Column and that last column you'll be in good shape look at the ending o oi on and
don't worry about the vocative I don't want you memorizing the vocative that little vo at the bottom forget that for
now look at the plurals oi on o memorize those endings masculine in
the plural oi on o what is the what is the neuter in the
plural a on o a right how do I have to think of that
no I need you to get it to where it's muscle memory where you can jerk that up
just out of nowhere where your wife can come to you in the shower and smack you and you can yell out ah a
a right why why did you shout out paradigms well somebody was flogging you
well you know it's the thing we do make it an exercise family building exercise
love it the Bic family the family that whips together stays together yes
fantastic fantastic let's go to the one underneath that did he tell them to do what I think he told
them no people okay let's let's do this the
right way this is the last chart that you need to know from this chapter it is
your what is this oh my God it is your what H he to
it's the word for the it's the word forthe it's called what's the nerdy name
for it you know they always come up with sexy nerdy name for things the definite
article are you the definite article I think I'm the definite article in the world
of in the world of grammar almond is the definite article I like that don't you
chewy I like that Chewy was mad tonight because she was watching with the rest of us she was watching and she was like
really this guy has a PHD and I said yes
dear but it's in Theology and bible studies right this is why you don't have
international conferences with classes and bible studies professionally this never happens why do biblical Scholars
never show up at International Classics
conferences you know for classical Greek why do they never show up because you
know um if you're how do I put it simply if your [__] isn't good enough you know
um you're gonna look silly and so they know not to show up it's amazing the
level the level of professionalism with Biblical Scholars is grossly you know
it's just people overestimate it but H whatever um here's your definite articles memorize these H to Toyon ho to
he tast tone to to to t to right when you can say that to
yourself and you can keep in your brain remember you're keeping in your brain nominative genitive dative accusative
and you say I don't want to do that I don't care stare at this chart until it
becomes part of your mind until subconsciously you're bringing up images
of definite articles Chang in through the cases moving and that definite
article becomes a sexy beautiful lady and what does that sexy beautiful lady do she changes she changes through being
the subject to being she who possesses to being she for whom something is done
to she who is the object of the action right follow this nominative
genitive dative accusative please this is what you must know for unit one for
unit one now I'm going to give you a couple of sentences really quick and then we're going to call it and you're saying wait a minute you didn't spend
enough time on that are you ready if you've done everything I've just told you to do you
will be ready now go run do it ready here we are with the with the exercises
look at number n
homos homos is in the nominative case so that's your subject your verb is P that
way so Homer teaches who does he teach he's got to teach somebody in the
accusative case because that's what the verb is acting on and here we've got
adelon in the accusative case Homer teaches his brother what does
he teach him Tech you got a dative little dangling data there don't you hate when got a little dangling data you
just want you know just kind of push it and it falls off the tree you know what I mean that's your dative you want to
pick pairs here's your dative Tech with
skill when you're translating datas I don't want you to think about it
they're the indirect objects I don't want you to think about it I want you to say how am I going to translate this I'm
going to translate this as two four or with two skill no that sounds stupid four skill ah sounds stupid with skill
aha there's one don't try to figure your way out of this jungle just do exactly
what I say and you will survive this war good
fantastic um look at number 21 homos there he is again he looks like he's in
the nominative case so I'm gon to make him the subject homos jump two words and get pway there's your verb Homer teaches
what what does he teach ton phone he teaches his brother now here's the
problem you have two accusatives can you have a double accusative in Greek yes you can teach somebody something and the
verb is still acting on both of them it's acting on his brother and the thing at the same time what is he teaching him
technine skill you see how skill is in the accusative case because the verb is
acting on it everything in the sentence you could jumble this thing and throw it in the air and it could land in all
different order and it would still mean the same thing do you see how solid Greek is your English is based on word
order you use an inferior operating
system yeah you do but that's okay we're here to give you the new one this is a much better operating system okay and
what is the bio doing well he teaches them with books
what are the means those are the books yeah how are they learning they're
learning through the books feel that dative that dative sets those
circumstances it's very you know it's going to tell you how is this action
being implemented biblo with books baby right
love it okay kind of sneaks in there kind of kind of catches you off guard all right here's what I wanted do I want
to stop there and what you can do is the sentences at the end of the chapter I
should cover enough of those to hit every point that you that that unit is
trying to make so if you go back and play those you will get every point that the unit is trying to make to you and if
you can translate those sentences you're performing at maximum
good job those of you who are doing this and eating it up because I'm getting some email from people saying this is
too slow I just want to run ahead restrain yourself perfect your unit one
know all of those words you know what anthropology means because you know what
an anthropos is do you understand you love it you love this stuff okay okay I
think we've done a good thing and I think we've come to a good place I want people to know that our momentum our
momentum is gaining right we're about to see some goodies I'm gonna have an experiment for
you Friday now I will have somebody with me I'll have somebody with me that's
somebody you have not seen me with um on lady [Music]
Babylon I look forward to it and I look forward to the chance of being able to
bring a cure um and to be able to help with the
gift that I've been given of being able to uh learn study and use Ancient Greek
it's a great honor now several of you are like old boy you've been through the
courses and I know that you are helping people who have lots of questions people
have question questions and those are good things to ask people who have already been through the course and you
can reach these people on Discord you can reach them on Discord and they have
great resources they have great resources there whole pool of stuff text all sorts of stuff right oh God you're
gonna love it and um we will give directions can we post that
somehow um in order for people to be able to talk to people who have been yeah the Discord put the name up there
chewy of the give us some give us a hand here so that people can find this right
the public one right we want the public one that everybody can go to as if it were a museum right and can work with it
and you may be able to chat you may be I know there are hundreds of us but you
may be able to chat with people there who can tell you oh you know what just
you know do what he says with that first unit and you're in good shape do you know these words right they can help you
out that's that's a very positive thing they would be my Tas they would oh here it is I I posted
I didn't post it J thank you J link to the Discord yes and remember Henry Caville chewy loves you anyway um yeah
let's do this thing finally thank you people for coming I want you to have um
a nice you know chewy SPS a um a lot of thought that is anchored in a lot of
reading and literature and when she puts together these videos um that are
expressions of that orphic that orphic singer um who is for us um uh a Teddy
base um it's important that you understand you're being brainwashed
thank you very much for coming um everybody stay out of the alley way I'm going to have a clip next time of the
answer to the question of why there are only 8,000 Hebrew words which is absolutely delicious soul sucking me
delicious I'm going to have that next time as well thank you for coming tonight I appreciate everybody's time uh
who came tonight and hail Satan my got [__] that will Jack you up and knock you
on your honey time to say good nighty all of my love burning up lavender hot
stuff in this thing media's kiss click bang hot purple Barbaro burning up my
love for you wandering star roing with a sword going door the door saving all the
children High purple living blazing up all my love inhale deep take two Puffs
Just a Touch not too much she get on top of you with a little p push 3 days late
what happened to your face you [__] went flush going to rub a duck latex purple
that girl work you hot purple gasoline media belly dancing in the
Moonshine chalice glowing Rayman Zeus operator smooth Gasolina media medicina
High fire gasoline he Satan come to see you high fire Gasolina Meda medicina
High fire gasoline Satan come to see